[D&M] Secure Elastic Cloud organization (#723)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/security/secure-your-elastic-cloud-organization.md

# Secure your Elastic Cloud organization [ec-securing-considerations]

> This section describes the settings available for you to secure your {{ecloud}} organization, which is the platform where you can manage your {{ech}} deployments and serverless projects. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section covers security settings for your {{ecloud}} organization, the platform for managing {{ech}} deployments and serverless projects.
```

> **Managed for you**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Managed by Elastic**
```

maybe?

> As a managed service, a certain number of [security aspects are handled by Elastic](https://www.elastic.co/cloud/security#details) and don't require specific configuration from you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a managed service, Elastic automatically handles a [number of security features](https://www.elastic.co/cloud/security#details) with no configuration required:
```

- **TLS encrypted communication** is provided in the default configuration. Elasticsearch nodes communicate using TLS.
- **Encryption at rest**. By default, all of your {{ecloud}} resources are encrypted at rest. Note that you can choose to encrypt your {{ech}} deployments [using your own encryption key](/deploy-manage/security/encrypt-deployment-with-customer-managed-encryption-key.md).
- **Cluster isolation**. Elasticsearch nodes run in isolated containers, configured according to the principle of least privilege, and with restrictions on system calls and allowed root operations.

> **Organization-level available security settings**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Additional organization-level security settings**
```

maybe slightly clearer

Reviewer: if not getting at right message, maybe just remove _**available**_ from original

  - [**Static IPs**](/deploy-manage/security/elastic-cloud-static-ips.md): Use static IP addresses for predictable firewall rules. 
- **Access control**
  - [**Organization-level SSO**](/deploy-manage/users-roles/cloud-organization/configure-saml-authentication.md). Note that for {{ech}} deployments, you can also configure SSO at the [deployment level](/deploy-manage/users-roles/cluster-or-deployment-auth.md).
  - [**Cloud role-based access control**](/deploy-manage/users-roles/cloud-organization/manage-users.md): Define the roles of users who have access to your organization and its resources. Note that for {{ech}} deployments, you can also [manage non-cloud users and roles](/deploy-manage/users-roles/cluster-or-deployment-auth/defining-roles.md).
  - [**Cloud API keys**](/deploy-manage/api-keys/elastic-cloud-api-keys.md): Manage API keys used for programmatic access to [{{ecloud}}](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/cloud/) and [{{ecloud}} serverless](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/elastic-cloud-serverless/) APIs.

> **Deployment-level available security settings**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Additional deployment-level security settings**
```
